## Busy Loop PWM

In this assignment, we will be testing the software implementation of
PWM generation using the `busyWait` solution you implemented in the
pre-lab. Please output the PWM signal to LED LD0 on the ZedBoard. This
allows to visualize the PWM signal, and record its timing using a custom
**pulsecap** kernel module. Please see the [pulsecap module description](https://neu-ece-4534.github.io/pulsecap.html).

Complete the following tasks:

1.  Copy the skeleton file `pwm_skel/pwm.c` into `pwm_busy.c`. Add, and
    commit the file into your repository to have a starting point.
    Adjust the Makefiles as needed for the new file.

2.  Use the busyWait function to create the timing. Using the parameters
    calculated in the prelab to create a PWM signal with a period of 1ms
    and a duty cycle of 50%. Output the PWM signal to LED LD0.

3.  Describe your observation of the visual quality of the LED PWM. Is
    it steady? Note your initial observations and include in your
    report.

4.  Use the **pulsecap1** module to measure produced PWM period and duty
    cycle. What is the actual period?

5.  Update the delayCounts to generate a PWM to the specs above (1ms,
    50%). 
    
    Report any difference from the prelab calculated delayCount
    values. Discuss in the post-lab portion about possible reasons for
    the difference. 
    
    Store the edge timings (i.e. what is recorded by
    pulsecap) for later analysis in the postlab. In the postlab, create
    a [Cumulative Distribution Function (CDF)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cumulative_distribution_function) of the PWM timing both for
    period and the duration of the ON portion (from rising to falling
    edge). Make sure to collect a statistically relevant amount of edges 
    (which will make the CDF more smooth). 

6.  Explore what happens when the system is under load. To create a
    significant load, use the `stress-ng` program with the following
    parameters:

        stress-ng --cpu 2 --io 4 --vm 2 --vm-bytes 64M --timeout 60s

    Measure the PWM quality with pulsecap. Report your observations and
    reason about the change. Store the raw data for later CDF plotting
    in your report.

7.  Re-compile the PWM code with the -O2 flag (optimization level 2 —
    see the variable CFLAGS in Makefile). Capture edges with pulsecap1.
    Report any differences (and potential reasons) in comparison to
    measurements of previous tasks.

8.  Commit any pending changes into your repository.
