## Software Timer PWM

Now, instead of the busyWait function, change your implementation so
that it uses the OS sleep function `usleep` (check man pages for
description). Similarly to the previous problem, complete the following
tasks:

1.  Copy the program in to `pwm_sleep.c`. Add, and commit the unmodified
    file into your repository to have a starting point.

2.  Update the PWM code to generate a PWM signal of 1ms with a 50% duty
    cycle using `usleep`. Validate the PWM using pulsecap when the
    system is idle. Save the raw results for later CDF analysis.

3.  Explore what happens when the system is under load. To create a
    significant load, use the `stress-ng` program with the following
    parameters:

        stress-ng --cpu 2 --io 4 --vm 2 --vm-bytes 64M --timeout 60s

    Measure the PWM quality with pulsecap. Report your observations and
    reason about the change. Store the raw data for later CDF plotting
    in your report. Compare the quality of the PWM signal against the
    previous results.

4.  Explore the impact of priorities onto the PWM generation. For this
    the priority of your PWM generation programm by starting it with
    `nice` (see man pages for details). Test several different settings
    and report your findings. Keep a high system load as instructed in
    the previous step using stress-ng. Explore two settings: (a) when
    the PWM has lower priority than the load, and (b) when PWM has
    higher priority than load. Discuss the results and save the raw
    results for later CDF analysis.

5.  What is the actual period and duty cycle of your generated PWM? If
    you see discrepancies with respect to expected values, report those
    differences and explain what causes such differences.

6.  Commit any changes to your repository.

7.  Discuss in postlab if changing the compiler options would change the
    PWM timings when using usleep.
